you
hi my name is spike welcome to fpv
reviews if a lot of you have been in the
hobby for a while like me you've learned
how to fly and you're not really
crashing your airplane every time you go
out but your plane can still get damaged
how could that be well I've driven for a
couple days at a time just to get to the
place i'm going to do fpv some of the
places are really remote you have to put
the plane in a car sometimes you have to
put it in a taxi cab or maybe even take
it with you in a commercial flight in
that case you're going to need a box to
put your airplane in in this episode is
to show you how to make and put the
plane in a box this is a Skywalker 1900
available from be EVR c-calm we're going
to show you how to make a box out of
pink foam you can get it home depot for
about twenty dollars or so you can get a
sheet of foam a bit of packing tape some
velcro you might have lying around you
can make a nice compact box that can
really protect your airplane we're going
to show you how to do that today first
you need to take a good look at your
airplane and see how you can break it
down the Skywalker is particularly good
for this because it has a bolt on tail
that comes off for transport I've also
modified my wing and made it a bolt on
type you can see the interior part of
this design in the review video for the
Skywalker also I've made some landing
gear that's detachable for the Skywalker
it can the whole landing gear assembly
can be removed just with these two
screws they go into a piece of balsa
wood that I've epoxy it into the bottom
of the fuselage cut a pocket and
relieved to make room for it if the
scooters were to rip out which could
happen in a hard landing will say they
could easily be put back in a slightly
different position and it wouldn't
really affect the way they are playing
balance is when it's landing the
propeller is also going to have to come
off I like this style of
or prop hub nut adapter because you can
use a small allen wrench or small
screwdriver in the field to remove the
propeller also a lot of people like to
put struts on the tail of their
Skywalker I've made some that are
removable I don't use them all of the
time I only use them when i'll be doing
some aerobatic flying but i leave a hole
through them and I've glued a small tab
of hard wood into the stabilizer so I
just put a zip tie through there to fix
the struts when I want them I can take
them off easily for transport most of
the time I don't even bother putting
them on though I use a Z bend in my
elevator control board so that the
stabilizer can come off complete and be
disconnected just with a twist now you
have a bunch of parts laying around and
it looks like a scene from air crash
investigation so you have to kind of
rearrange them and see how best they can
fit together so that you can fit in a
box I'll show you how I did it for the
Skywalker as you can see the parts have
been arranged as compact as possible
even the elevator and the propeller are
inside they're tucked in next you'll
need to get a tape measure see what the
total length of everything together is
and remember when you're cutting the
foam the dimensions you took for the
airplane will need to match the inside
dimensions of the box it's probably good
when you're building the box to build in
a few partitions like this it keeps the
plane from shifting while well it's in
transport and even can provide you a
little storage area for additional
things you might need for repairs or
simply for servicing the airplane
between flights I've used clear packing
tape to put together my box now I've
also taped some balsa strips on here to
keep the phone rigid as these sides will
be unsupported also handy are these
pieces of velcro that I've put on and
I've taped pieces of velcro the matching
type to the side of the box so that i
can simply bring this piece over and fix
it like this to hold the lid down and if
you've begged board until now
this is the fun part because you get to
see me putting the airplane in the box
but we'd like to thank you guys for
watching ftv reviews we hope this is
useful to you we hope you can fit your
airplane in a box something similar to
this it's just an idea there's lots of
ways to transport their plane this
seemed like a really practical one for
me and I thought I'd share it with you
so well thank you for watching and hope
you subscribe to our videos if you
haven't already on youtube and like this
video if it was helpful to you we really
appreciate it and we appreciate your
comments as well so have a nice day
you